I want to start this video declaring my
condolences for the writer's death says
It's the year with this story of him right but I understand that he was a guy who
contributed too much to computing
as they say - without him we might not have a computer at home
So
rest in peace these acts
this afternoon I played with the electric games and three more in turn
our hands that selecting your pictures from us three
but anyway we got the good sharp shooter I loved it
and heat as he defends himself has made almost all matches from within him I owe much
well almost take the first place
but I played well there a few games of thiago feltri decide to get this
innovation on the bmb map
was the fourth goal of letter r I wanted to talk about politics
that I thought about twitter before having the channel
You do not need to do anything, it's no good.
that I'm going to talk to my friends through what we want
influential, I preached nobody
on that next day
these things came I never inter title before making the channel
and today I understand
let's say more professionally speaking and terrestrial a mind the
last
and so I wanted to make an invitation to all of you here do not have twitter
to make a
but why make a twitter
I know what all may be thinking that even I'm not going to be very strong.
crop
but I practice cyber museum
it can be very useful for you
I realized this today when mine alone did not work right
no way
few people gave their son everything is listen again I tried post bulletin
elkeson on the right and also worries people and
and so I wanted to be invited to meet the twitter site if you did not
has
which is a very useful tool the little pig followed us on twitter the
Turks knowing at the time if there is going to be any pledge or peak or any event
something like that
when is any
carol that you like I can see again he will always post on twitter that he
accused again the select will never lose knowing this even if the
subscribe box is not working correctly
d I know it can be annoying
I have a more processing place and such a ball
There are people who do not like the lawsuit and
this medical pc makes a tui worth it can follow all guys
that make videos and the rv event games
educating others and it is not too much, I know I asked the new
It is also for asking questions and is fit to content I will stay for staying for
they all stay inside
of conversations and discussions about something
in this recess of seeing
Why do I want to make a video to call you on twitter?
is here
even when the channel has many of the traitors as he is who knows it
has
I think almost 30 thousand
only a small percentage of his colleagues
twitter and follow free and I in my case the amount of followers I have
so I think too much of the debt slip that are more or less
thousand and five hundred very big even many people said that I never thought
that I was
It leaves so many people interested in what I have to say.
but even so is a small amount near the number of partners with
The time that I have
and I would like very much that you all said vicente I think that yes that to be
very difficult
but it's something I love I really like
and so that's why I'm just making you twitter twitter
the favorite channels that are worth it are worth even
So
is once again my twitter screen for those who do not know
then municipality mano but second others because I always use cross
because she has already lost grace
but then it is not that there months earth you have twitter I hope everything twitter
what
fence
Go there and ask to do a twitter.
the West the rest live among some musicians guitar lines that is what
perhaps some recognize
the Orange
tel
the idea
ae
a bad
the world
helena
the mother
the aircraft
that
ansa
Earth
no, no
ef
the anatel ae
tel